Portfolio/resume.md, before:

#Justin DeBo
1901 Claremont Commons Normal, Illinois 61761 | (309) 533 – 9050 | justin.debo@gmail.com
_________________________________

##Education
Millikin University Decatur, Illinois
Bachelor of Science in Information Systems, May 2018
Concentration: Data Management
Minor in Music

##Work Experience
- State Farm Insurance Bloomington, IL Spring 2018 – Present
 - Data Analyst - Total Loss Technology
  - Provided ad hoc DB2 reports for Total Loss Claims business partners to respond to production outages.
  - Designed and developed python application for enforcing data quality rules across a database system of 200+ tables.
 - Big Data Developer - Test Data Privacy
  - Supported sensitive data scanning Hadoop application that ingests data from all enterprise test systems.
  - Supported Splunk application that monitors inbound/outbound traffic to test DB2 Systems
  - Worked on committee focused on accelerating AWS adoption across Enterprise Data Systems area
-

##Research and Certifications
- Research on Integration of Big Data into an Undergraduate I.S curriculum
 - Built a two-node proof-of-concept Hadoop cluster for use in an undergraduate Business Intelligence and Big Data class
 - Co-authored a research paper documenting the design and implementation of Hadoop and its
 accompanying ecosystem into an undergraduate I.S curriculum. Published in the [Information Systems
 Education Journal Volume 17, No. 4](http://isedj.org/2019-17/n4/ISEDJv17n4p42.pdf)
 - Co-Presented research at the [2018 EDSIGCON Conference in Norfolk, VA](http://proc.iscap.info/2018/)
 - Amazon Web Services Certified Solutions Architect - Associate – July 2019
 - Amazon Web Services Certified Developer Associate – December 2019
 - Amazon Web Services Certified  SysOps Administrator - Associate – January 2020

##Community Service
- Public High School STEM Mentor
 - Mentored groups of students in Normal Community West’s AP Computer Science Course
 - Facilitated STEM days at local junior high schools
 - Judged intern coding competitions
- Normal Marching Band
 - Drumline and Front Ensemble Instructor

Commit message:

Updating resume with intern work

Portfolio/resume.md, after:

#Justin DeBo
1901 Claremont Commons Normal, Illinois 61761 | (309) 533 – 9050 | justin.debo@gmail.com
_________________________________

##Education
Millikin University Decatur, Illinois
Bachelor of Science in Information Systems, May 2018
Concentration: Data Management
Minor in Music

##Work Experience
- State Farm Insurance Bloomington, IL Spring 2018 – Present
- Big Data Developer - Test Data Privacy
 - Supported sensitive data scanning Hadoop application that ingests data from all enterprise test systems.
 - Supported Splunk application that monitors inbound/outbound traffic to test DB2 Systems
 - Worked on committee focused on accelerating AWS adoption across Enterprise Data Systems area
  - Data Analyst - Total Loss Technology
  - Provided ad hoc DB2 reports for Total Loss Claims business partners to respond to production outages.
  - Designed and developed python application for enforcing data quality rules across a database system of 200+ tables.
- Data Analyst Intern - Big Data Platforms
 - Worked on the Big Data Application Development Support team providing enterprise support for Spark, MapReduce, Oozie, Pig and YARN
 - Researched and provided documentation for enterprise Hadoop platform implementation of Anaconda

##Research and Certifications
- Research on Integration of Big Data into an Undergraduate I.S curriculum
 - Built a two-node proof-of-concept Hadoop cluster for use in an undergraduate Business Intelligence and Big Data class
 - Co-authored a research paper documenting the design and implementation of Hadoop and its
 accompanying ecosystem into an undergraduate I.S curriculum. Published in the [Information Systems
 Education Journal Volume 17, No. 4](http://isedj.org/2019-17/n4/ISEDJv17n4p42.pdf)
 - Co-Presented research at the [2018 EDSIGCON Conference in Norfolk, VA](http://proc.iscap.info/2018/)
 - Amazon Web Services Certified Solutions Architect - Associate – July 2019
 - Amazon Web Services Certified Developer Associate – December 2019
 - Amazon Web Services Certified  SysOps Administrator - Associate – January 2020

##Community Service
- Public High School STEM Mentor
 - Mentored groups of students in Normal Community West’s AP Computer Science Course
 - Facilitated STEM days at local junior high schools
 - Judged intern coding competitions
- Normal Marching Band
 - Drumline and Front Ensemble Instructor
